{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bihan Dasgupta\
She/Her/Hers\
 dasguptb@uci.edu |  bihand2005@gmail.com |  +1- 857-352-4363\
 BihanDasgupta |  BihanDasgupta |\
Address\
4029 Mesa Road, #102F, Irvine, CA 92617\
About Me\
Freshman at The University of California, Irvine. BS in Computer Science major at the Donald Bren\
School of Information and Computer Sciences.\
Greatly interested in quantitative model building in\
science and cross-disciplinary fields using Natural Language Processing (NLP) and other machine learning\
algorithms. Persistent, resilient, ambitious, imaginative and creative student looking forward to fostering\
dreams of being a researcher and writer, supporting local and global communities.\
Education\
2023 - 2027\
BS, Computer Science, Class of 2027\
The Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences\
The University of California, Irvine\
2019 - 2023\
High School Graduate, Class of 2023\
Brookline High School\
BS Computer Science Courses\
Fall 2023:\
\'95 Boolean Algebra and Logic (ICS 6B)\
\'95 Introduction to Programming (I&C SCI 31)\
\'95 Introduction to Linguistics (LSCI 3)\
Experience\
DARPA Funded Internship at INDRA Lab at Northeastern University\
Summer 2023\
Completed a six week paid internship at Northeastern University as a part of the Integrated Network and\
Dynamical Reasoning Assembler (INDRA) lab led by Professor Benjamin Gyori and funded by DARPA.\
Interacted with the OpenAI API and other large language models (LLMs) to output desirable INDRA\
statements from text. Tested various methodologies through prompt engineering. Demonstrated strong\
research and leadership, communication skills.\
Research at Quantitative Criticism Lab (QCL)\
Summer 2021 - Current\
Conducted original research in Natural Language Processing (NLP) to map out semantic associations\
in corpora on classical discourse. Directly collaborated with Dr. Joseph Dexter (Harvard University)\
and Professor Pramit Chaudhuri (UT Austin) through the research group QCL ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.qcrit.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.qcrit.org}}).\
Abstract accepted for presentation at the Classical Association of the Middle West and South (CAMWS)\
119th Annual Meeting, March 30, 2023, in Provo, Utah ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://camws.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://camws.org}}). Presented abstract along-\
side collaborator as a panelist at the conference ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUwPkCh3HXc"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUwPkCh3HXc}}).\
Contributed in writing paper to be submitted in classics journal by editor\'92s invitation. Demonstrated\
strong research and leadership, communication skills.\
\
Page 2:\
Internship at 4D Path Inc.\
Summer 2021 & Summer 2022\
Developed image analysis heuristics and wrote algorithm for the diagnosis of microcalcifications in breast\
cancer biopsy images. Directly worked under the mentorship of two pathologists from the University\
Hospital of Leeds and the National Health Services (NHS), UK. Work resulted in new Intellectual Property\
(IP) for the company. Demonstrated strong research, development, leadership, and communication skills.\
Obtained regulatory training on HIPAA.\
AI Scholars Deep Dive Program, Inspirit AI\
Spring 2021\
AI in Healthcare - A Project-Based Intensive: Pursued an AI-based medical imaging project building\
scikit-learn models that can segment lung radiology images and diagnose pneumonia. Did other small-\
scale Graph Neural Network (GNN) and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based projects.\
AI Scholars Program, Inspirit AI\
Summer 2020\
Introduction to AI: Pursued an AI ethics project using the COMPAS (Correctional Offender Manage-\
ment Profiling for Alternative Sanctions) dataset to detect racial bias when predicting the likelihood of\
recidivism in an offender by plotting confusion matrices with scikit-learn. Built a K-Nearest Neighbors\
(KNN) model with higher accuracy and reduced bias. Did other small-scale KNN, CNN and NLP based\
projects.\
References\
[1] Bihan Dasgupta, et. al. Racial and Disciplinary Language in Classical Studies: A Quan-\
titative Study of Three Text Collections, abstract accepted for presentation at the Classical\
Association of the Middle West and South (CAMWS) 119th Annual Meeting, 2023, in Provo, Utah\
({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://camws.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://camws.org}}); Paper to be submitted in Classics journal by editor\'92s invitation (manuscript\
available on request)\
[2] Bihan Dasgupta, et. al. Predicting Microcalcifications in Breast Cancer Biopsies from Geo-\
metric Constraints, selected as Intellectual Property (IP)/Proprietary Method; Patent to be filed\
(summary available on request)\
Skills\
Programming\
Python, Matlab, Java\
Spoken\
English, Bengali, French\
Activities\
Clubs\
2023 - Current\
\'95 Women in Computer Science (WICS).\
\'95 Video Game Development Club (VGDC).\
Last updated: December 24, 2023\
}